Shut up, why are you everywhere?
Last time, you stole Shanshan's data report.
This time I want to steal Shanshan's advertising plan again
Manager Chen, this plan is really made by me
Yao Qianchen
You didn't even go to college
How could it be possible to make such a good plan
Still trying to take my credit
I think you are daydreaming
That's right, Yang Jianchen, stop being unreasonable
We all saw it. That's what Shanshan did.
You go through the back door
What else can you do besides stealing credit from others?
Did you see that Shanshan could go to the cocktail party?
Are you jealous?
Then he must be jealous
To know the reception of the head office of Shenwei Group
That's a rich business
He's a stinky eater
I definitely want to meet more rich women
Otherwise, how will he eat this soft rice in the future?
You're going too far.
Wantonly steal the credit of colleagues
Unwarranted humiliation of me
Aren't you afraid I'll sue?
Haha tell
Go and sue me to see
Who cares about you, a little intern?
I'm your immediate boss
Believe it or not, I'll fire you in minutes?
It's Yang Qianchen
A waste that doesn't understand soft rice
I still want to go to the party
Are you bah
Who is Yang Qianchen?
What's wrong with me?
This is the invitation letter prepared by the head office tomorrow.
The emotions invited by Mr. Du